# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 38ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 31ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 91ms
  [gap of 51ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 143ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 17ms
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-variant-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
    create-module-model 18ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 32ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 13ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 219ms
  [gap of 98ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 319ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 10ms
      [gap of 18ms]
    create-module-model completed in 36ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    create-X86-model 14ms
    create-X86_64-model 14ms
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 11ms
    create-module-model completed in 23ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 25ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 211ms
  [gap of 63ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 276ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 17ms
    [gap of 20ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    create-module-model 17ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    [gap of 10ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 158ms
  [gap of 65ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 224ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 48ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    create-module-model 14ms
    [gap of 37ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 157ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 165ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    [gap of 33ms]
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 33ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 92ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 101ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 14ms]
      create-cmake-model 11ms
      [gap of 31ms]
    create-module-model completed in 56ms
    create-variant-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 17ms
    create-X86-model 14ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 11ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
    create-module-model completed in 25ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 31ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 264ms
  [gap of 104ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 370ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 13ms]
      create-cmake-model 11ms
      [gap of 29ms]
    create-module-model completed in 53ms
    create-variant-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 19ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 12ms]
      create-cmake-model 11ms
    create-module-model completed in 27ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 21ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 251ms
  [gap of 135ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 388ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 14ms]
      create-cmake-model 13ms
      [gap of 29ms]
    create-module-model completed in 56ms
    create-variant-model 37ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 18ms]
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    create-module-model 13ms
    [gap of 37ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 189ms
  [gap of 62ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 253ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 75ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 86ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 94ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 70ms
  [gap of 49ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 120ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 15ms]
      create-cmake-model 11ms
      [gap of 38ms]
    create-module-model completed in 64ms
    create-variant-model 19ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 27ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 21ms
    create-X86-model 19ms
    create-X86_64-model 18ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 13ms]
      create-cmake-model 12ms
    create-module-model completed in 30ms
    create-variant-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 23ms
    create-X86-model 18ms
    create-X86_64-model 20ms
    [gap of 40ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 345ms
  [gap of 111ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 463ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 21ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 13ms
    create-X86-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
    [gap of 11ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 178ms
  [gap of 81ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 260ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-variant-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 28ms]
    create-X86-model 10ms
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 142ms
  [gap of 88ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 230ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 12ms]
      create-cmake-model 11ms
      [gap of 32ms]
    create-module-model completed in 55ms
    create-variant-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 20ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 11ms
    create-module-model completed in 25ms
    create-variant-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 14ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 253ms
  [gap of 110ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 364ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 29ms]
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 37ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 116ms
  [gap of 95ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 212ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 37ms]
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 32ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 91ms
  [gap of 52ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 144ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 54ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    create-X86-model 12ms
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
    create-module-model 14ms
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 139ms
  [gap of 61ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 201ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 18ms
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 13ms
    create-X86-model 12ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-module-model 17ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 13ms
    [gap of 10ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 174ms
  [gap of 79ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 254ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 10ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
      [gap of 19ms]
    create-module-model completed in 39ms
    [gap of 27ms]
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 150ms
  [gap of 108ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 259ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 12ms]
      create-cmake-model 14ms
      [gap of 26ms]
    create-module-model completed in 52ms
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 17ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 10ms]
      create-cmake-model 15ms
    create-module-model completed in 30ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-X86-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 239ms
  [gap of 190ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 430ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 26ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 86ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 94ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 52ms]
    create-X86_64-model 18ms
    [gap of 15ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 85ms
  [gap of 38ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 124ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 29ms]
    create-X86_64-model 19ms
    [gap of 37ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 85ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 91ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 48ms]
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 53ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 124ms
  [gap of 94ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 218ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 10ms
      [gap of 14ms]
    create-module-model completed in 32ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-module-model 13ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-X86-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 177ms
  [gap of 89ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 267ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 12ms
      [gap of 10ms]
    create-module-model completed in 31ms
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 22ms
    create-module-model 25ms
    create-variant-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 21ms
    create-X86-model 19ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 230ms
  [gap of 30ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 260ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 62ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 72ms
  [gap of 43ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 115ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 68ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 79ms
  [gap of 37ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 116ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 42ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 68ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 74ms

